what happened by your forward Becky no
can you wait a second what is she doing
here you let her walk all over you she's
13 Jeff this gentleman lost his dog okay
well why don't you give us your number
dog is a Rottweiler purebred where's the
Germans call them or violent Mets goons
that's why you never let them meet with
other breeds you get the worst of both
okay I think it's time for you to go I'm
looking for a key it has this symbol
engraved on it you seen it no well that
leaves a little Becky where's Becky wait
wait he's gonna hold your dad still I
heard him I'm not gonna let them get
away with this
[Music]
and she was good she was very very good
when she was bad she was horrid
[Music]
what was the point of all of this work
it's worth much more than okay you're
clearly a special girl I don't want to
have to hurt you but I do want to hurt
you real bad
[Music]